NEWS 1
                        After a year of preparation for the WorldSkills
                        Kazan 2019 competition in which 1,300 competitors from
                        around the world participated, the effort was well worth
                        it. Josip,
                        a 3rd year student of the undergraduate program in systems
                        engineering won 12th place in the IT
                        Networks and System Administration skill and won a medal
                        of excellence! Congratulations to Josip and also to his/our
                        mentors who prepared him for this competition –
                        head of the systems engineering program Silvio
                        Papić, head of the operating systems department –
                        Vedran Dakić and assistant in the systems engineering
                        program – Jasmin Redžepagić. Congratulations also to our
                        3rd year undergraduate student in software
                        engineering Josip Horvat and mentor head of the department
                        for software engineering - Goran Đambić on winning
                        16th place in the IT Software Solutions for Business skill.


NEWS 2


                        After a large number of applications we received, detailed
                        analysis and verification we determined the winners of this year's
                        scholarship competition for high school graduates! The scholarship worth
                        10,000.00 kuna on a consumer card
                        goes to: Heidi Sokolovski from Zagreb - for the best
                        result in Mathematics at A level she won a
                        scholarship in the amount of 10,000.00 kn. Tereza Žugaj from
                        Zagreb - for the best result in Mathematics at B level
                        she won a scholarship in the amount of 10,000.00 kn. Dalija
                        Romac from Sinj - for the best result in Croatian
                        language at A level and additional 204 points for results in
                        Mathematics A and English language A she won a scholarship
                        in the amount of 10,000.00 kn. Ella Milinović from Zagreb - for
                        the best result in Croatian language at B level
                        she won a scholarship in the amount of 10,000.00 kn. Borna
                        Skračić from Zadar – for the best result in English
                        language at A level he won a scholarship in the amount of
                        10,000.00 kn. Lukas Božić from Umag - for the best
                        result in English language at B level he won a
                        scholarship in the amount of 10,000.00 kn.


NEWS 3

                        Algebra Junior organizes educational and fun summer
                        holidays for all elementary school students! This year we
                        have prepared digital workshops for children focused on
                        solving various problems using technology,
                        multimedia, digital design and communications and
                        creating content in all multimedia and software
                        forms. The workshops are held as part of the Digital
                        Summer Camp in Crikvenica and Digital Summer School in
                        Zagreb so we can socialize, have fun and learn both at
                        the sea and on the continent! At the digital camp and school
                        two different programs will be conducted which are
                        intended for children from 1st to 8th grade. Depending on
                        the selected term, participants will go through the 1st or 2nd
                        program, and in case of attending two-week programs –
                        both. In the first program, digital ninjas learn to be
                        music managers while in the second they are journalists and creators
                        of mass media information. Check the terms, prices
                        and locations of the school and camp at the following link.

