STANDARDS IN INTERNET TECHNOLOGY APPLICATION 
Project specification 
Create a website that presents Algebra University College. 
The website has the following characteristics: 
• (LEARNING OUTCOME 1 and 2)  
Contains the always visible menu bar with the following links: 
o Login/Logout 
o Home 
o About us 
o News 
o Curriculum 
o Contact 
• (LEARNING OUTCOME 2)  
Use responsive design so that the website displays correctly on desktop and mobile 
devices. 
• (LEARNING OUTCOME 1)  
The parameters of the contact form are sent to the address: 
https://www.fulek.com/mvc/supit/project-contact-form 
The contact form contains parameters of the following names: 
o FullName 
o Email 
o Importance 
o ReceiveNewsletter 
o Message 
• (LEARNING OUTCOME 3)  
Chapter Curriculum can be seen only by users that have been logged in. 
• Access points: 
o Login (POST) 
https://www.fulek.com/data/api/user/login 
Data required for login are username and password. 
o Register (POST) 
https://www.fulek.com/data/api/user/register 
Data required for registration are username and password. 
• Secured access points that deliver course data require a JWT token, which is 
delivered to the client upon successful login: 
o All courses (GET):  
https://www.fulek.com/data/api/supit/curriculum-list/en 
o Individual course (GET) (i.e. course with id 5):  
https://www.fulek.com/data/api/supit/get-curriculum/5 
NOTE: following data is available for each course: 
▪ „id“ – unique number identifier 
▪ „course“ – course name 
▪ „ects“ – number of ECTS points for the course 
▪ „hours" – number of hours for the course 
▪ „lectures“ – number of lectures for the course 
▪ „exercises" – number of workshops for the course 
▪ „type“ – course type: „Obavezni“ (obligatory) or „Izborni“ (elective) 
▪ "semester" – course semester number 
• Courses are searched via autocomplete fields 
• Choosing a course shows the details of the course 
• Selected courses can be removed from the table, updating the total values 
Evaluate the justification for the use of JavaScript software frameworks on the request basis 
and in case it is justified, implement the solution. 
Design should cover all the displayed elements to achieve the maximum number of points 
• Attractive design 
• Background video animations 
• Display pictures via image gallery (lightbox, fancybox... ) (LEARNING OUTCOME 4) 
• Chapter animations at the time of display 
• Use modal dialog boxes (your own or external (jQueryUI, Bootstrap, etc.) ) 
(LEARNING OUTCOME 4) 
Based on the requirements, you should evaluate the justification for the use of jQuery, 
jQueryUI and Bootstrap library elements and in case it is justified, implement the solution. 
Students can create an identical website as in the presented template or make their own 
design with the displayed elements implemented. 
All the materials (text, pictures, video...) needed to create the project are present on 
Infoeduka. 
Libraries of type Vue, React, Angular, etc. must not be used to create the project. 
You can view the recorded template of the finished project here:  
https://tinyurl.com/SUPIT2022 
PROJECT SUBMISSION METHOD 
The student must send the archived project to the e-mail address of the lecturer (full-time 
students) or assistant (part-time students) in the form of FirstnameLastname.zip 2 days 
before the exam period (e.g. if the exam period is 15.02. the project task must be sent no 
later than 12.02 - 23h:59min:59sec) 
Students who do not submit a completed project task within the set deadline cannot access 
the defense of the project.  
Until the term of defence, the project may be refined. 
ASSESSMENT 
The maximum grade excellent, can be obtained by students who defend their work on the 
first exam period (both appointments in February). 
The maximum grade very good, can be obtained by students who defend their work on the 
second exam period (July). 
The maximum grade good, can be obtained by students who defend their work on the 
autumn exam term (both appointments in September). 
DISTRIBUTION OF POINTS 
Learning Outcome 1 
Minimum outcome — create an html document  structure using generic grouping elements 
— 15 points.  
Desired outcome – create an html document structure using semantic html elements using 
id and class attributes to further clarify the structure - 10 points.  
Learning Outcome 2 
Minimum outcome – visually adjust the website interface according to technical 
specification - 15 points 
Desired outcome – to distribute page elements through CSS, apply CSS transitions and 
transformations for the purpose of enriching the overall visual impression, and apply the 
CSS queries for the responsiveness of the interface at different resolutions – 10 points. 
Note: if a student resolves responsiveness by using external JavaScript libraries (learning 
outcome 4 – bootstrap grid) he or she can get maximum points of the desired learning 
outcome 2. 
Learning Outcome 3 
Minimum outcome – retrieve and display data from a server script using JavaScript — 15 
points. 
Desired outcome – retrieve and display data according to the default specification using 
external JavaScript libraries — 10 points. 
Learning Outcome 4 
Minimum outcome – define the appearance of the elements of the website by using 
external JavaScript and CSS libraries – 15 points. 
Desired outcome – define the appearance, functionality and responsiveness of the website 
using external JavaScript and CSS libraries – 10 points. 
Note: if a student solves responsiveness by using his own CSS queries (learning outcome 
2) he can get maximum points. 